Adding Activity1 for JSappy bird (#108)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/jsappybird/1-Activity/add-jump-sound.md

---
title: "Add Sound While the Bird is Jumping"
date: 2020-07-29T13:24:17-07:00
draft: false
weight: 10
---

Let's add sounds to the bird while it is jumping

Add the below command in the file [File: create-game.js]
    jumpSound.play();

## Working Together

In the repl.it window below, we started the code with the line `jumpSound.play();`.

![alt text](../../img/jump_sound.png "image to add sound to the bird")

In your console you should see a Jsappy bird jumping with sound after you press **run**:

> ** Bird making Jump sound while its Jumping**

Reviewer: What's this line doing?

Author: this was a comment ,as I cannot show output with sound.
I will update to reflect as comment

---
title: "Add Sound While the Bird is Jumping"
date: 2020-07-29T13:24:17-07:00
draft: false
weight: 10
---

> Lets add Force to the Bird
> 
>     Add below command in the file [File: create-game.js]
>     jumpSound.play();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's add sounds to the bird while it is jumping

Add the below command in the file [File: create-game.js]
    jumpSound.play();
```

## Working Together

In the repl.it window below, we started the code with the line `jumpSound.play();`.

![alt text](../../img/jump_sound.png "image to add sound to the bird")

>  In  your console you should see a Jsappy bird  jumping with sound after you press **run**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your console you should see a Jsappy bird jumping with sound after you press **run**:
```
